# ECE4180FinalProject
This arcade shooter game is designed to entertain users with easy, medium, and hard difficulty selections. After selecting a game mode from the welcome screen, a countdown initiates before beginning the game, at which point targets begin rising from a horizontal “inactive” state to become “active” at a vertical state with shining, blue LEDs to backlight them. As your chosen difficulty increases, frequency of active targets increases and their active duration decreases. A welcome tune can be heard at the beginning of each game and game over after the full 45 seconds of gameplay, as well as target hit sounds upon successful target elimination. Each target is worth 10 points, to which your final score is incremented and compared with a system highscore.

The 14” x 10” x 14” wooden game box’s interior electronics are composed of various peripherals. All three of the targets’ parts include: three servo motors, three 1.5mm blue LEDs, and 3 HX-M121 IR receivers all attached to wooden dowels and 4” diameter, laser-cut wooden circles with a sensor hole drilled in the center. All targets are controlled by a single ESP32-C6, whereas the MSP4022 uLCD screen is controlled by a separate microcontroller of the same variety. Each ESP32 is powered by its own separate 5V barrel jack, so as to prevent power noise on the display or current-related issues. Microcontrollers share ground and communicate over their software-designated TX and RX pins for score updates and difficulty selection. With a 50% probability, target servos move from 180° (horizontal, inactive)  to 90° (vertical, active) and their respective LEDs light—sensors are now waiting to receive an IR signal from the HX-53 IR transmitter, mounted inside of a toy gun with a laser, both activated by a push-button and powered by three LR-44 batteries in series. Upon receiving the signal, that target’s ISR executes and causes servos to move back down and LEDs to turn off (the same response occurs for targets that were not hit within the active timeframe, but no hit sound effect occurs). Libraries used include ESP32Servo.h, 
